[WF] add docs for Workflow Automation Slack emoji reaction trigger (#35910)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/actions/workflows/trigger.md

1. Click **Publish** to publish the workflow. A workflow must be published before you can trigger it from Slack. Published workflows accrue costs based on workflow executions. For more information, see the [Datadog Pricing page][11].
1. In a Slack channel with the Datadog App, run `/datadog workflow` to select and run a workflow. You can also use the `/dd` alias to run /datadog commands.

> ### Emoji reaction trigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Emoji reaction Slack trigger
```
suggesting to include "Slack" in the header for clarity and consistency with the section above

You can configure a workflow to trigger automatically when a user adds a specific emoji reaction to a message in Slack.

> 1. Add a Slack trigger to your workflow (or select an existing one).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a Slack trigger to your workflow:
   - If your workflow doesn't have any triggers, click **Add Trigger** > **Slack**.
   - If your workflow already has one or more triggers and you're adding the Slack trigger as an additional trigger, click the **Add Trigger** (lightning bolt) icon and select **Slack**.
```
suggesting these sub-bullets bc I think it'd be nice to include _how_ to add a Slack trigger, like we do in the manual section above. I also think we can remove "(or select an existing one)"—I think you mean select an existing (old/manual?) Slack trigger to update. I think it's clearer to have these instructions stick to setting up a new trigger
